Objective:

	To evaluate the impact of commodity futures in terms of:
	1. price transmission across mandis
	2. smoothening of mandi arrivals around the year
	3. volatility in prices in mandis before and after
	introduction of futures contracts

	Evaluate the performance of:
	a) big vs small mandis on basis of above three parameters.
	b) produce vs consumer centric mandis on basis of above two
	parameters.
	Using a set of 6 commodities: mustard, soybean, turmeric,
	maize, coriander, cummin for the period 2003-2016.
				   
Contents:

	FINAL-CUT ANALYSIS
	1. compile_database.R: This file extracts raw data from three
	different sources:
	   a) Price data for near-month futures contracts (file
	      sourced: validations.R, extractData.R, and
	      extractContract.R from the repository TECHNICAL_PAPER/).  
	   b) Price and arrivals data for mandis (file sourced:
	      extract_mandi_prices.R)
	   c) Data for distances of mandis from polling and basis
	      centers  (file sourced: compute_distance.R)
	2. compute_distance.R: Rscript to compute distances between
	    mandis. Consists of five functions:
	    a) pick_polling_center_state(): Finds all polling centers and
	    concerned state for each commodity
	    b) pick_delivery_center_state(): Finds all delivery centers and
	    concerned state for each commodity
	    c) clean_names(): Cleans names of places before these
	    are sent into distance calculator
	    d) distance_calculator(): Computes distance between mandis
	    (limits queries per day to 2500)
	    e) cleanMandiNames(): Clarifies state names for specific
	    mandis that include Telangana, Sri Ganganagar, Ramaganjmandi.
	    f) cleanCenterNames(): Cleans names of polling and
	    delivery centers. 
	3. extract_mandi_prices.R: Rscript to collate mandi prices for
	   all commodities over the entire period of time:
	   a) Reads data for October, 2003 to March, 2016 (.dta files)
	   b) Reads data for April, 2016 to October, 2016 (.csv files)
	   c) Merged the data for compiled for two periods in a and b.
      	4. plot_graphs.R: Consist of functions to plot the following:
	   a) plot_prices(): Plots prices (mandis and futures)
	   b) plot_price_diff(): Plot price difference w.r.t reference center
	   c) plot_arrivals(): Plot monthly arrivals in mandis
	   d) plot_pvol(): Plot volatility in mandi prices
	   e) plot_ncdex_vol(): Plot traded volumes (in qty) at NCDEX
	5. prepData.R: Consists of function to prepare
	data for regression. It consists of two functions:
	   a) prepData(): Following are the steps executed:
	      i) Limited the analysis till Dec, 2015
	      ii) Removed junk observations in prices and arrivals
	      iii) Truncated outlier values in prices
	      iv) Winsorised outlier values in arrivals
	      v) Cleaned mandi and center names
	      vi) Created dummy variable for futures prices
	      vii) Picked minimum distance center (it's prices and arrivals)
	      Has functions from the old: 
	     	      	read_supplementary_data.R: Consists of following
	    functions:
	    a) Function to define center dummies
	    b) Function to compute mandi and center market share
	    c) Function to assign district codes
	    d) Function to add rainfall data
	    e) Function to add million-plus cities data base
	    f) Function to add NCDEX traded volumes
	    g) Functioj to assign contract dummies
	 6. ncdex_marketShare.R: Using bhavcopy data for a November
	 2015 date, find out the market share of each commodity.

	 7. checkData.R: Code to find possible bugs from the output
	     of compile_database.R.

	 8. regression.R Regression models used in the analysis
	 9. analysis.R Final analysis.
	 
	 FIRST-CUT ANALYSIS   
	 1. extractData.R: Rscript for futures data extraction (used in first-cut analysis).
	 2. compile_analysis.R: Rscript for complete analysis for each commodity.
	 3. analysis_soymaize.R: Rscript for first-cut analysis using a set of
	    two commodities -- maize and soybean.
	 4. complete_analysis.R:
	 	 
	 